src/pages/outreach-programs/vocal-institute.md, before:

---
templateKey: outreach
header:
  bottomText: Vocal Institute
  topText: Clemson Vocal Arts
image: /img/cu-singers.jpg
subheading: About the program
about: >-
  ​In partnership with the Clemson Summer Scholars  Program for raising 9th - 12th grade
  - Grow as a singer. 
  - Explore and improve vocal talents in choral and solo 
  settings. 
  - Prepare for future auditions. 
  - Engage in electives to foster the growth of a well-
  rounded musician 
  - Perform in a recital of choral and solo music at the 
  Brooks Center for the Performing Arts. 
  - Discover 21st century careers in the performing arts. 
button:
  buttonText: Clemson Summer Scholars
  buttonLink: #
subheadingTwo: Details
auditionInformation:
  - image: /img/cu-singers.jpg
    text: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
    heading: Where?
  - image: /img/cu-singers.jpg
    text: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
    heading: When? 
  - image: /img/cu-singers.jpg
    text: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.
    heading: What?
---

Commit message:

Adding second button, staff portion

src/pages/outreach-programs/vocal-institute.md, after:

---
templateKey: outreach
header:
  bottomText: Vocal Institute
  topText: Clemson Vocal Arts
image: /img/cu-singers.jpg
subheading: About the program
about: >-
  ​In partnership with the Clemson Summer Scholars  Program for raising 9th - 12th grade
  - Grow as a singer. 
  - Explore and improve vocal talents in choral and solo 
  settings. 
  - Prepare for future auditions. 
  - Engage in electives to foster the growth of a well-
  rounded musician 
  - Perform in a recital of choral and solo music at the 
  Brooks Center for the Performing Arts. 
  - Discover 21st century careers in the performing arts. 
button:
  buttonText: Clemson Summer Scholars
  buttonLink: /outreach-programs
subheadingTwo: Details
auditionInformation:
  - image: /img/cu-singers.jpg
    text: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
    heading: Where?
  - image: /img/cu-singers.jpg
    text: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
    heading: When? 
  - image: /img/cu-singers.jpg
    text: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.
    heading: What?
subheadingThree: Meet the Instructors
staffList:
  - image: /img/cu-singers.jpg
    name: Dr. Anthony Bernarducci
    title: Director of Choral Activities at Clemson University
    email: bernar5@clemson.edu
    bio: >-
      Dr. Anthony Bernarducci serves as the Director of Choral Activities at Clemson University where conducts the Men’s Choir, Cantorei and Clemson University Singers. He also teaches courses in music theory and composition.

      As an author, Anthony published articles on topics ranging from music education to performance practice. Most recently GIA Publications has released his book titled "Listening Awareness: Build Independent Creative Listeners In Choir".   

      Dr. Bernarducci is an active composer and has works published with GIA Publications, Hinshaw Music, and ECS Publishing Group. He has received commissions and performances from leading ensembles and organizations such as The Westminster Williamson Voices, The St. Olaf Choir, and The United States Soldiers Chorus. His compositions have been performed around the world by choral ensembles in Korea, Slovenia, Italy, and South Africa and on such notable stages as Carnegie Hall, Severance Hall, Mechanics Hall, and Heinz Hall. 
      
      ​He holds a PhD in music education from Florida State University, a Master of Music in conducting from the University of Arizona, and a Bachelor of music education from Westminster Choir College.  
  - image: /img/cu-singers.jpg
    name: Dr. Lisa Sain Odom
    title: Professor of Voice and Musical Theatre
    email: odom@clemson.edu
    bio: >-
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation
buttonTwo:
  buttonTwoText: Contact for More Information
  buttonTwoLink: /outreach-programs
---
